Add Prerequisites (#190)
brafdlog/budget-tracking: README.md

- A basic UI for configuration
- A configuration for automatically classifying transactions to categories according to predefined patterns

## Running in a development environment

### Prerequisites

- [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/download/).
- [`node-gyp`](https://github.com/nodejs/node-gyp#installation). In Windows you have a checkbox in the NodeJS installer to install also the `node-gyp`.  

>   This module is for packages that compiling a native code in their installation, in our case it required for `electron` and `keytar`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This module is for packages that compile native code in their installation, in our case it is required for `electron` and `keytar`.
```
